README.md, before:

# GetSeo

Welcome to Get Seo! This is a CLI based gem that allows you to quickly and easily inspect SEO information from websites of your choice. Simply enter the url of a website you’d like to inspect, select the SEO related information you would like to retrieve, and Get Seo will display your results via the terminal.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'get_seo'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install get_seo


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Creator

Dom McKellar
* <http://newme.io/>
* <https://github.com/Dom-Mc>

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/get_seo. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Edit Description, add Usage section, and update Creator links

README.md, after:

# GetSeo

Welcome to Get Seo! This is a CLI based gem that allows you to quickly and easily inspect various SEO metrics from websites of your choice. Simply enter the url of a website you’d like to inspect, select the SEO metric you would like to retrieve, and Get Seo will display your results via the terminal.



## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:


`gem 'get_seo'`

And then execute:

`$ bundle`

Or to install the gem on your local system:

`$ gem install get_seo`


## CLI Usage
####  Go to the project directory:
`$ cd get_seo/`

#### Begin a GetSeo session:
`$ ruby bin/get-seo`
or
`$ ./bin/get-seo`


Note: You may receive a `Permission Denied` error. Fix it by doing the following:
##### (step 1) `$ cd bin/`
##### (step 2) `$ ls -lah`
* Assuming your `get-seo` file doesn't have the following permission(s): `-rwxr-xr-x`

##### (step 3) `$ chmod +x get-seo`
##### (step 4) `$ ls -lah` will verify the changes took effect

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Creator
[Dom McKellar](https://twitter.com/_dom_mc)
* [Website | domckellar.com](http://domckellar.com/)
* [Github | Dom-Mc](https://github.com/Dom-Mc)

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/get_seo. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
